Create CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md (#100)
greenelab/covid19-review: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Values

In this project, we seek to provide an environment for researchers from all backgrounds and disciplines to contribute to the consolidation and synthesis of scientific information related to COVID-19.

> Our project will be most successful if we are able to create a space where a diverse group of people can collaboratively approach emerging information with curiosity and creativity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our project will be most successful when we create a space where a diverse group of people can collaboratively approach emerging information with curiosity and creativity.
```

> As a result, one of our primary goals is to make this space (the online community associated with the repository) welcoming to all members of the scientific community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result, one of our primary goals is to make this the online community associated with the repository welcoming to all members of the scientific community.
```

Reviewer 2: Delete `this` after accepting the suggestion

Reviewer: updated :)

Creativity thrives when people feel supported, accepted, and encouraged.
As a result, inclusivity is one of the central tenents of this project.

## Our Pledge

> In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to making participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.
```

* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

> This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of representing a project or community include acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event, such as for media coverage or for conferences or other presentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Code of Conduct applies both within project spaces and in public spaces when an individual is representing the project or its community.
Examples of representing a project or community include acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event, such as for media coverage or for conferences or other presentations.
```

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be reported by contacting the project team at halie.rando@pennmedicine.upenn.edu or greenescientist@gmail.com. 
All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. 
The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident. 
Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted separately.

> Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other members of the project's leadership.
Only contributors in good standing with respect to the code of conduct will be offered the opportunity to review the approve the final manuscript, which is required for authorship through the ICMJE criteria.
```
I liked this idea. I mostly used the language @agitter suggested.

## Attribution

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

Reviewer 2: Is a newline needed here before `[homepage]`?

> This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org), [version 1.4](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html).
```
The URLs currently aren't working but this is one way to arrange them.

Author: Oh weird, I thought that formatting looked unusual but trusted their template!
